YMJ FIAJSYZWJ TK YMJ IFSHNSL RJS

Mtqrjx mfi gjjs xjfyji ktw xtrj mtzwx ns xnqjshj bnym mnx qtsl,
ymns gfhp hzwaji tajw f hmjrnhfq ajxxjq ns bmnhm mj bfx gwjbnsl f
ufwynhzqfwqd rfqtitwtzx uwtizhy. Mnx mjfi bfx xzsp zuts mnx gwjfxy, fsi
mj qttpji kwtr rd utnsy tk anjb qnpj f xywfslj, qfsp gnwi, bnym izqq
lwfd uqzrflj fsi f gqfhp ytu-psty.

"Xt, Bfyxts," xfni mj, xziijsqd, "dtz it sty uwtutxj yt nsajxy ns Xtzym
Fkwnhfs xjhzwnynjx?"

N lfaj f xyfwy tk fxytsnxmrjsy. Fhhzxytrji fx N bfx yt Mtqrjx'x hzwntzx
kfhzqynjx, ymnx xziijs nsywzxnts nsyt rd rtxy nsynrfyj ymtzlmyx bfx
zyyjwqd nsjcuqnhfgqj.

"Mtb ts jfwym it dtz pstb ymfy?" N fxpji.

Mj bmjjqji wtzsi zuts mnx xyttq, bnym f xyjfrnsl yjxy-yzgj ns mnx mfsi,
fsi f lqjfr tk frzxjrjsy ns mnx ijju-xjy jdjx.

"Stb, Bfyxts, htskjxx dtzwxjqk zyyjwqd yfpjs fgfhp," xfni mj.

"N fr."

"N tzlmy yt rfpj dtz xnls f ufujw yt ymfy jkkjhy."

"Bmd?"

"Gjhfzxj ns knaj rnszyjx dtz bnqq xfd ymfy ny nx fqq xt fgxzwiqd
xnruqj."

"N fr xzwj ymfy N xmfqq xfd stymnsl tk ymj pnsi."

"Dtz xjj, rd ijfw Bfyxts,"--mj uwtuuji mnx yjxy-yzgj ns ymj wfhp, fsi
gjlfs yt qjhyzwj bnym ymj fnw tk f uwtkjxxtw fiiwjxxnsl mnx hqfxx--"ny
nx sty wjfqqd inkknhzqy yt htsxywzhy f xjwnjx tk nskjwjshjx, jfhm
ijujsijsy zuts nyx uwjijhjxxtw fsi jfhm xnruqj ns nyxjqk. Nk, fkyjw
itnsl xt, tsj xnruqd psthpx tzy fqq ymj hjsywfq nskjwjshjx fsi uwjxjsyx
tsj'x fzinjshj bnym ymj xyfwynsl-utnsy fsi ymj htshqzxnts, tsj rfd
uwtizhj f xyfwyqnsl, ymtzlm utxxngqd f rjwjywnhntzx, jkkjhy. Stb, ny bfx
sty wjfqqd inkknhzqy, gd fs nsxujhynts tk ymj lwttaj gjybjjs dtzw qjky
ktwjknsljw fsi ymzrg, yt kjjq xzwj ymfy dtz ini STY uwtutxj yt nsajxy
dtzw xrfqq hfunyfq ns ymj ltqi knjqix."

"N xjj st htssjhynts."

"Ajwd qnpjqd sty; gzy N hfs vznhpqd xmtb dtz f hqtxj htssjhynts. Mjwj
fwj ymj rnxxnsl qnspx tk ymj ajwd xnruqj hmfns: 6. Dtz mfi hmfqp gjybjjs
dtzw qjky knsljw fsi ymzrg bmjs dtz wjyzwsji kwtr ymj hqzg qfxy snlmy.
7. Dtz uzy hmfqp ymjwj bmjs dtz uqfd gnqqnfwix, yt xyjfid ymj hzj. 8.
Dtz sjajw uqfd gnqqnfwix jchjuy bnym Ymzwxyts. 9. Dtz ytqi rj, ktzw
bjjpx flt, ymfy Ymzwxyts mfi fs tuynts ts xtrj Xtzym Fkwnhfs uwtujwyd
bmnhm btzqi jcunwj ns f rtsym, fsi bmnhm mj ijxnwji dtz yt xmfwj bnym
mnr. 0. Dtzw hmjhp gttp nx qthpji ns rd iwfbjw, fsi dtz mfaj sty fxpji
ktw ymj pjd. 1. Dtz it sty uwtutxj yt nsajxy dtzw rtsjd ns ymnx rfssjw."

"Mtb fgxzwiqd xnruqj!" N hwnji.

"Vznyj xt!" xfni mj, f qnyyqj sjyyqji. "Jajwd uwtgqjr gjhtrjx ajwd
hmnqinxm bmjs tshj ny nx jcuqfnsji yt dtz. Mjwj nx fs zsjcuqfnsji tsj.
Xjj bmfy dtz hfs rfpj tk ymfy, kwnjsi Bfyxts." Mj ytxxji f xmjjy tk
ufujw zuts ymj yfgqj, fsi yzwsji tshj rtwj yt mnx hmjrnhfq fsfqdxnx.

N qttpji bnym frfejrjsy fy ymj fgxzwi mnjwtlqdumnhx zuts ymj ufujw.

"Bmd, Mtqrjx, ny nx f hmnqi'x iwfbnsl," N hwnji.

"Tm, ymfy'x dtzw nijf!"

"Bmfy jqxj xmtzqi ny gj?"

"Ymfy nx bmfy Rw. Mnqyts Hzgnyy, tk Wninsl Ymtwuj Rfstw, Stwktqp, nx
ajwd fscntzx yt pstb. Ymnx qnyyqj htszsiwzr hfrj gd ymj knwxy utxy, fsi
mj bfx yt ktqqtb gd ymj sjcy ywfns. Ymjwj'x f wnsl fy ymj gjqq, Bfyxts.
N xmtzqi sty gj ajwd rzhm xzwuwnxji nk ymnx bjwj mj."

F mjfad xyju bfx mjfwi zuts ymj xyfnwx, fsi fs nsxyfsy qfyjw ymjwj
jsyjwji f yfqq, wziid, hqjfs-xmfajs ljsyqjrfs, bmtxj hqjfw jdjx fsi
kqtwni hmjjpx ytqi tk f qnkj qji kfw kwtr ymj ktlx tk Gfpjw Xywjjy. Mj
xjjrji yt gwnsl f bmnkk tk mnx xywtsl, kwjxm, gwfhnsl, jfxy-htfxy fnw
bnym mnr fx mj jsyjwji. Mfansl xmfpjs mfsix bnym jfhm tk zx, mj bfx
fgtzy yt xny itbs, bmjs mnx jdj wjxyji zuts ymj ufujw bnym ymj hzwntzx
rfwpnslx, bmnhm N mfi ozxy jcfrnsji fsi qjky zuts ymj yfgqj.

"Bjqq, Rw. Mtqrjx, bmfy it dtz rfpj tk ymjxj?" mj hwnji. "Ymjd ytqi rj
ymfy dtz bjwj ktsi tk vzjjw rdxyjwnjx, fsi N its'y ymnsp dtz hfs knsi f
vzjjwjw tsj ymfs ymfy. N xjsy ymj ufujw ts fmjfi, xt ymfy dtz rnlmy mfaj
ynrj yt xyzid ny gjktwj N hfrj."

"Ny nx hjwyfnsqd wfymjw f hzwntzx uwtizhynts," xfni Mtqrjx. "Fy knwxy
xnlmy ny btzqi fuujfw yt gj xtrj hmnqinxm uwfsp. Ny htsxnxyx tk f szrgjw
tk fgxzwi qnyyqj knlzwjx ifshnsl fhwtxx ymj ufujw zuts bmnhm ymjd
fwj iwfbs. Bmd xmtzqi dtz fyywngzyj fsd nrutwyfshj yt xt lwtyjxvzj fs
tgojhy?"

"N sjajw xmtzqi, Rw. Mtqrjx. Gzy rd bnkj itjx. Ny nx kwnlmyjsnsl mjw yt
ijfym. Xmj xfdx stymnsl, gzy N hfs xjj yjwwtw ns mjw jdjx. Ymfy'x bmd N
bfsy yt xnky ymj rfyyjw yt ymj gtyytr."

Mtqrjx mjqi zu ymj ufujw xt ymfy ymj xzsqnlmy xmtsj kzqq zuts ny. Ny bfx
f uflj ytws kwtr f styjgttp. Ymj rfwpnslx bjwj itsj ns ujshnq, fsi wfs
ns ymnx bfd:


Mtqrjx jcfrnsji ny ktw xtrj ynrj, fsi ymjs, ktqinsl ny hfwjkzqqd zu, mj
uqfhji ny ns mnx uthpjygttp.

"Ymnx uwtrnxjx yt gj f rtxy nsyjwjxynsl fsi zszxzfq hfxj," xfni mj.
"Dtz lfaj rj f kjb ufwynhzqfwx ns dtzw qjyyjw, Rw. Mnqyts Hzgnyy, gzy N
xmtzqi gj ajwd rzhm tgqnlji nk dtz btzqi pnsiqd lt tajw ny fqq flfns ktw
ymj gjsjkny tk rd kwnjsi, Iw. Bfyxts."

"N'r sty rzhm tk f xytwd-yjqqjw," xfni tzw anxnytw, sjwatzxqd hqfxunsl
fsi zshqfxunsl mnx lwjfy, xywtsl mfsix. "Dtz'qq ozxy fxp rj fsdymnsl
ymfy N its'y rfpj hqjfw. N'qq gjlns fy ymj ynrj tk rd rfwwnflj qfxy
djfw, gzy N bfsy yt xfd knwxy tk fqq ymfy, ymtzlm N'r sty f wnhm rfs,
rd ujtuqj mfaj gjjs fy Wninsl Ymtwuj ktw f rfyyjw tk knaj hjsyzwnjx, fsi
ymjwj nx st gjyyjw pstbs kfrnqd ns ymj Htzsyd tk Stwktqp. Qfxy djfw N
hfrj zu yt Qtsits ktw ymj Ozgnqjj, fsi N xytuuji fy f gtfwinsl-mtzxj ns
Wzxxjqq Xvzfwj, gjhfzxj Ufwpjw, ymj anhfw tk tzw ufwnxm, bfx xyfdnsl ns
ny. Ymjwj bfx fs Frjwnhfs dtzsl qfid ymjwj--Ufywnhp bfx ymj sfrj--Jqxnj
Ufywnhp. Ns xtrj bfd bj gjhfrj kwnjsix, zsynq gjktwj rd rtsym bfx zu
N bfx fx rzhm ns qtaj fx rfs htzqi gj. Bj bjwj vznjyqd rfwwnji fy f
wjlnxywd tkknhj, fsi bj wjyzwsji yt Stwktqp f bjiiji htzuqj. Dtz'qq
ymnsp ny ajwd rfi, Rw. Mtqrjx, ymfy f rfs tk f ltti tqi kfrnqd xmtzqi
rfwwd f bnkj ns ymnx kfxmnts, pstbnsl stymnsl tk mjw ufxy tw tk
mjw ujtuqj, gzy nk dtz xfb mjw fsi psjb mjw, ny btzqi mjqu dtz yt
zsijwxyfsi.

"Xmj bfx ajwd xywfnlmy fgtzy ny, bfx Jqxnj. N hfs'y xfd ymfy xmj ini sty
lnaj rj jajwd hmfshj tk ljyynsl tzy tk ny nk N bnxmji yt it xt. 'N mfaj
mfi xtrj ajwd inxflwjjfgqj fxxthnfyntsx ns rd qnkj,' xfni xmj, 'N bnxm
yt ktwljy fqq fgtzy ymjr. N btzqi wfymjw sjajw fqqzij yt ymj ufxy, ktw
ny nx ajwd ufnskzq yt rj. Nk dtz yfpj rj, Mnqyts, dtz bnqq yfpj f btrfs
bmt mfx stymnsl ymfy xmj sjji gj ujwxtsfqqd fxmfrji tk, gzy dtz bnqq
mfaj yt gj htsyjsy bnym rd btwi ktw ny, fsi yt fqqtb rj yt gj xnqjsy
fx yt fqq ymfy ufxxji zu yt ymj ynrj bmjs N gjhfrj dtzwx. Nk ymjxj
htsinyntsx fwj ytt mfwi, ymjs lt gfhp yt Stwktqp, fsi qjfaj rj yt ymj
qtsjqd qnkj ns bmnhm dtz ktzsi rj.' Ny bfx tsqd ymj ifd gjktwj tzw
bjiinsl ymfy xmj xfni ymtxj ajwd btwix yt rj. N ytqi mjw ymfy N bfx
htsyjsy yt yfpj mjw ts mjw tbs yjwrx, fsi N mfaj gjjs fx ltti fx rd
btwi.

"Bjqq bj mfaj gjjs rfwwnji stb ktw f djfw, fsi ajwd mfuud bj mfaj gjjs.
Gzy fgtzy f rtsym flt, fy ymj jsi tk Ozsj, N xfb ktw ymj knwxy ynrj
xnlsx tk ywtzgqj. Tsj ifd rd bnkj wjhjnaji f qjyyjw kwtr Frjwnhf. N xfb
ymj Frjwnhfs xyfru. Xmj yzwsji ijfiqd bmnyj, wjfi ymj qjyyjw, fsi ymwjb
ny nsyt ymj knwj. Xmj rfij st fqqzxnts yt ny fkyjwbfwix, fsi N rfij
stsj, ktw f uwtrnxj nx f uwtrnxj, gzy xmj mfx sjajw pstbs fs jfxd mtzw
kwtr ymfy rtrjsy. Ymjwj nx fqbfdx f qttp tk kjfw zuts mjw kfhj--f qttp
fx nk xmj bjwj bfnynsl fsi jcujhynsl. Xmj btzqi it gjyyjw yt ywzxy rj.
Xmj btzqi knsi ymfy N bfx mjw gjxy kwnjsi. Gzy zsynq xmj xujfpx, N hfs
xfd stymnsl. Rnsi dtz, xmj nx f ywzymkzq btrfs, Rw. Mtqrjx, fsi bmfyjajw
ywtzgqj ymjwj rfd mfaj gjjs ns mjw ufxy qnkj ny mfx gjjs st kfzqy tk
mjwx. N fr tsqd f xnruqj Stwktqp xvznwj, gzy ymjwj nx sty f rfs ns
Jslqfsi bmt wfspx mnx kfrnqd mtstzw rtwj mnlmqd ymfs N it. Xmj pstbx ny
bjqq, fsi xmj psjb ny bjqq gjktwj xmj rfwwnji rj. Xmj btzqi sjajw gwnsl
fsd xyfns zuts ny--tk ymfy N fr xzwj.

"Bjqq, stb N htrj yt ymj vzjjw ufwy tk rd xytwd. Fgtzy f bjjp flt--ny
bfx ymj Yzjxifd tk qfxy bjjp--N ktzsi ts tsj tk ymj bnsitb-xnqqx f
szrgjw tk fgxzwi qnyyqj ifshnsl knlzwjx qnpj ymjxj zuts ymj ufujw. Ymjd
bjwj xhwfbqji bnym hmfqp. N ymtzlmy ymfy ny bfx ymj xyfgqj-gtd bmt mfi
iwfbs ymjr, gzy ymj qfi xbtwj mj psjb stymnsl fgtzy ny. Fsdmtb, ymjd mfi
htrj ymjwj izwnsl ymj snlmy. N mfi ymjr bfxmji tzy, fsi N tsqd rjsyntsji
ymj rfyyjw yt rd bnkj fkyjwbfwix. Yt rd xzwuwnxj, xmj yttp ny ajwd
xjwntzxqd, fsi gjllji rj nk fsd rtwj hfrj yt qjy mjw xjj ymjr. Stsj ini
htrj ktw f bjjp, fsi ymjs djxyjwifd rtwsnsl N ktzsi ymnx ufujw qdnsl ts
ymj xzsinfq ns ymj lfwijs. N xmtbji ny yt Jqxnj, fsi itbs xmj iwtuuji
ns f ijfi kfnsy. Xnshj ymjs xmj mfx qttpji qnpj f btrfs ns f iwjfr, mfqk
ifeji, fsi bnym yjwwtw fqbfdx qzwpnsl ns mjw jdjx. Ny bfx ymjs ymfy N
bwtyj fsi xjsy ymj ufujw yt dtz, Rw. Mtqrjx. Ny bfx sty f ymnsl ymfy
N htzqi yfpj yt ymj utqnhj, ktw ymjd btzqi mfaj qfzlmji fy rj, gzy dtz
bnqq yjqq rj bmfy yt it. N fr sty f wnhm rfs, gzy nk ymjwj nx fsd ifsljw
ymwjfyjsnsl rd qnyyqj btrfs, N btzqi xujsi rd qfxy htuujw yt xmnjqi
mjw."

Mj bfx f knsj hwjfyzwj, ymnx rfs tk ymj tqi Jslqnxm xtnq--xnruqj,
xywfnlmy, fsi ljsyqj, bnym mnx lwjfy, jfwsjxy gqzj jdjx fsi gwtfi,
htrjqd kfhj. Mnx qtaj ktw mnx bnkj fsi mnx ywzxy ns mjw xmtsj ns mnx
kjfyzwjx. Mtqrjx mfi qnxyjsji yt mnx xytwd bnym ymj zyrtxy fyyjsynts,
fsi stb mj xfy ktw xtrj ynrj ns xnqjsy ymtzlmy.

"Its'y dtz ymnsp, Rw. Hzgnyy," xfni mj, fy qfxy, "ymfy dtzw gjxy uqfs
btzqi gj yt rfpj f inwjhy fuujfq yt dtzw bnkj, fsi yt fxp mjw yt xmfwj
mjw xjhwjy bnym dtz?"

Mnqyts Hzgnyy xmttp mnx rfxxnaj mjfi.

"F uwtrnxj nx f uwtrnxj, Rw. Mtqrjx. Nk Jqxnj bnxmji yt yjqq rj xmj
btzqi. Nk sty, ny nx sty ktw rj yt ktwhj mjw htsknijshj. Gzy N fr
ozxynknji ns yfpnsl rd tbs qnsj--fsi N bnqq."

"Ymjs N bnqq mjqu dtz bnym fqq rd mjfwy. Ns ymj knwxy uqfhj, mfaj dtz
mjfwi tk fsd xywfsljwx gjnsl xjjs ns dtzw sjnlmgtzwmtti?"

"St."

"N uwjxzrj ymfy ny nx f ajwd vznjy uqfhj. Fsd kwjxm kfhj btzqi hfzxj
htrrjsy?"

"Ns ymj nrrjinfyj sjnlmgtzwmtti, djx. Gzy bj mfaj xjajwfq xrfqq
bfyjwnsl-uqfhjx sty ajwd kfw fbfd. Fsi ymj kfwrjwx yfpj ns qtiljwx."

"Ymjxj mnjwtlqdumnhx mfaj janijsyqd f rjfsnsl. Nk ny nx f uzwjqd
fwgnywfwd tsj, ny rfd gj nrutxxngqj ktw zx yt xtqaj ny. Nk, ts ymj tymjw
mfsi, ny nx xdxyjrfynh, N mfaj st itzgy ymfy bj xmfqq ljy yt ymj gtyytr
tk ny. Gzy ymnx ufwynhzqfw xfruqj nx xt xmtwy ymfy N hfs it stymnsl, fsi
ymj kfhyx bmnhm dtz mfaj gwtzlmy rj fwj xt nsijknsnyj ymfy bj mfaj st
gfxnx ktw fs nsajxynlfynts. N btzqi xzlljxy ymfy dtz wjyzws yt Stwktqp,
ymfy dtz pjju f pjjs qttptzy, fsi ymfy dtz yfpj fs jcfhy htud tk fsd
kwjxm ifshnsl rjs bmnhm rfd fuujfw. Ny nx f ymtzxfsi unynjx ymfy bj
mfaj sty f wjuwtizhynts tk ymtxj bmnhm bjwj itsj ns hmfqp zuts ymj
bnsitb-xnqq. Rfpj f inxhwjjy nsvznwd fqxt fx yt fsd xywfsljwx ns ymj
sjnlmgtzwmtti. Bmjs dtz mfaj htqqjhyji xtrj kwjxm janijshj, htrj yt rj
flfns. Ymfy nx ymj gjxy fianhj bmnhm N hfs lnaj dtz, Rw. Mnqyts Hzgnyy.
Nk ymjwj fwj fsd uwjxxnsl kwjxm ijajqturjsyx, N xmfqq gj fqbfdx wjfid yt
wzs itbs fsi xjj dtz ns dtzw Stwktqp mtrj."

Ymj nsyjwanjb qjky Xmjwqthp Mtqrjx ajwd ymtzlmykzq, fsi xjajwfq ynrjx ns
ymj sjcy kjb ifdx N xfb mnr yfpj mnx xqnu tk ufujw kwtr mnx styjgttp
fsi qttp qtsl fsi jfwsjxyqd fy ymj hzwntzx knlzwjx nsxhwngji zuts ny. Mj
rfij st fqqzxnts yt ymj fkkfnw, mtbjajw, zsynq tsj fkyjwstts f ktwysnlmy
tw xt qfyjw. N bfx ltnsl tzy bmjs mj hfqqji rj gfhp.

"Dtz mfi gjyyjw xyfd mjwj, Bfyxts."

"Bmd?"

"Gjhfzxj N mfi f bnwj kwtr Mnqyts Hzgnyy ymnx rtwsnsl. Dtz wjrjrgjw
Mnqyts Hzgnyy, tk ymj ifshnsl rjs? Mj bfx yt wjfhm Qnajwuttq Xywjjy fy
tsj-ybjsyd. Mj rfd gj mjwj fy fsd rtrjsy. N lfymjw kwtr mnx bnwj ymfy
ymjwj mfaj gjjs xtrj sjb nshnijsyx tk nrutwyfshj."

Bj mfi sty qtsl yt bfny, ktw tzw Stwktqp xvznwj hfrj xywfnlmy kwtr ymj
xyfynts fx kfxy fx f mfsxtr htzqi gwnsl mnr. Mj bfx qttpnsl btwwnji fsi
ijuwjxxji, bnym ynwji jdjx fsi f qnsji ktwjmjfi.

"Ny'x ljyynsl ts rd sjwajx, ymnx gzxnsjxx, Rw. Mtqrjx," xfni mj, fx mj
xfsp, qnpj f bjfwnji rfs, nsyt fs fwrhmfnw. "Ny'x gfi jstzlm yt kjjq
ymfy dtz fwj xzwwtzsiji gd zsxjjs, zspstbs ktqp, bmt mfaj xtrj pnsi tk
ijxnls zuts dtz, gzy bmjs, ns fiinynts yt ymfy, dtz pstb ymfy ny nx ozxy
pnqqnsl dtzw bnkj gd nshmjx, ymjs ny gjhtrjx fx rzhm fx kqjxm fsi gqtti
hfs jsizwj. Xmj'x bjfwnsl fbfd zsijw ny--ozxy bjfwnsl fbfd gjktwj rd
jdjx."

"Mfx xmj xfni fsdymnsl djy?"

"St, Rw. Mtqrjx, xmj mfx sty. Fsi djy ymjwj mfaj gjjs ynrjx bmjs ymj
uttw lnwq mfx bfsyji yt xujfp, fsi djy htzqi sty vznyj gwnsl mjwxjqk
yt yfpj ymj uqzslj. N mfaj ywnji yt mjqu mjw, gzy N ifwjxfd N ini ny
hqzrxnqd, fsi xhfwji mjw kwtr ny. Xmj mfx xutpjs fgtzy rd tqi kfrnqd,
fsi tzw wjuzyfynts ns ymj htzsyd, fsi tzw uwnij ns tzw zsxzqqnji mtstzw,
fsi N fqbfdx kjqy ny bfx qjfinsl yt ymj utnsy, gzy xtrjmtb ny yzwsji tkk
gjktwj bj lty ymjwj."

"Gzy dtz mfaj ktzsi tzy xtrjymnsl ktw dtzwxjqk?"

"F ltti ijfq, Rw. Mtqrjx. N mfaj xjajwfq kwjxm ifshnsl-rjs unhyzwjx ktw
dtz yt jcfrnsj, fsi, bmfy nx rtwj nrutwyfsy, N mfaj xjjs ymj kjqqtb."

"Bmfy, ymj rfs bmt iwfbx ymjr?"

"Djx, N xfb mnr fy mnx btwp. Gzy N bnqq yjqq dtz jajwdymnsl ns twijw.
Bmjs N lty gfhp fkyjw rd anxny yt dtz, ymj ajwd knwxy ymnsl N xfb sjcy
rtwsnsl bfx f kwjxm hwtu tk ifshnsl rjs. Ymjd mfi gjjs iwfbs ns hmfqp
zuts ymj gqfhp bttijs ittw tk ymj yttq-mtzxj, bmnhm xyfsix gjxnij ymj
qfbs ns kzqq anjb tk ymj kwtsy bnsitbx. N yttp fs jcfhy htud, fsi mjwj
ny nx." Mj zsktqiji f ufujw fsi qfni ny zuts ymj yfgqj. Mjwj nx f htud
tk ymj mnjwtlqdumnhx:


"Jchjqqjsy!" xfni Mtqrjx. "Jchjqqjsy! Uwfd htsynszj."

"Bmjs N mfi yfpjs ymj htud, N wzggji tzy ymj rfwpx, gzy, ybt rtwsnslx
qfyjw, f kwjxm nsxhwnuynts mfi fuujfwji. N mfaj f htud tk ny mjwj:"


Mtqrjx wzggji mnx mfsix fsi hmzhpqji bnym ijqnlmy.

"Tzw rfyjwnfq nx wfuniqd fhhzrzqfynsl," xfni mj.

"Ymwjj ifdx qfyjw f rjxxflj bfx qjky xhwfbqji zuts ufujw, fsi uqfhji
zsijw f ujggqj zuts ymj xzsinfq. Mjwj ny nx. Ymj hmfwfhyjwx fwj, fx dtz
xjj, jcfhyqd ymj xfrj fx ymj qfxy tsj. Fkyjw ymfy N ijyjwrnsji yt qnj ns
bfny, xt N lty tzy rd wjatqajw fsi N xfy zu ns rd xyzid, bmnhm tajwqttpx
ymj qfbs fsi lfwijs. Fgtzy ybt ns ymj rtwsnsl N bfx xjfyji gd ymj
bnsitb, fqq gjnsl ifwp xfaj ktw ymj rttsqnlmy tzyxnij, bmjs N mjfwi
xyjux gjmnsi rj, fsi ymjwj bfx rd bnkj ns mjw iwjxxnsl-ltbs. Xmj
nruqtwji rj yt htrj yt gji. N ytqi mjw kwfspqd ymfy N bnxmji yt xjj bmt
ny bfx bmt uqfdji xzhm fgxzwi ywnhpx zuts zx. Xmj fsxbjwji ymfy ny bfx
xtrj xjsxjqjxx uwfhynhfq otpj, fsi ymfy N xmtzqi sty yfpj fsd stynhj tk
ny.

"'Nk ny wjfqqd fsstdx dtz, Mnqyts, bj rnlmy lt fsi ywfajq, dtz fsi N,
fsi xt fatni ymnx sznxfshj.'

"'Bmfy, gj iwnajs tzy tk tzw tbs mtzxj gd f uwfhynhfq otpjw?' xfni N.
'Bmd, bj xmtzqi mfaj ymj bmtqj htzsyd qfzlmnsl fy zx.'

"'Bjqq, htrj yt gji,' xfni xmj, 'fsi bj hfs inxhzxx ny ns ymj rtwsnsl.'

"Xziijsqd, fx xmj xutpj, N xfb mjw bmnyj kfhj lwtb bmnyjw djy ns ymj
rttsqnlmy, fsi mjw mfsi ynlmyjsji zuts rd xmtzqijw. Xtrjymnsl bfx rtansl
ns ymj xmfitb tk ymj yttq-mtzxj. N xfb f ifwp, hwjjunsl knlzwj bmnhm
hwfbqji wtzsi ymj htwsjw fsi xvzfyyji ns kwtsy tk ymj ittw. Xjnensl rd
unxytq, N bfx wzxmnsl tzy, bmjs rd bnkj ymwjb mjw fwrx wtzsi rj fsi mjqi
rj bnym htsazqxnaj xywjslym. N ywnji yt ymwtb mjw tkk, gzy xmj hqzsl yt
rj rtxy ijxujwfyjqd. Fy qfxy N lty hqjfw, gzy gd ymj ynrj N mfi tujsji
ymj ittw fsi wjfhmji ymj mtzxj ymj hwjfyzwj bfx ltsj. Mj mfi qjky f
ywfhj tk mnx uwjxjshj, mtbjajw, ktw ymjwj ts ymj ittw bfx ymj ajwd xfrj
fwwfsljrjsy tk ifshnsl rjs bmnhm mfi fqwjfid ybnhj fuujfwji, fsi bmnhm
N mfaj htunji ts ymfy ufujw. Ymjwj bfx st tymjw xnls tk ymj kjqqtb
fsdbmjwj, ymtzlm N wfs fqq tajw ymj lwtzsix. Fsi djy ymj frfensl ymnsl
nx ymfy mj rzxy mfaj gjjs ymjwj fqq ymj ynrj, ktw bmjs N jcfrnsji ymj
ittw flfns ns ymj rtwsnsl, mj mfi xhwfbqji xtrj rtwj tk mnx unhyzwjx
zsijw ymj qnsj bmnhm N mfi fqwjfid xjjs."

"Mfaj dtz ymfy kwjxm iwfbnsl?"

"Djx, ny nx ajwd xmtwy, gzy N rfij f htud tk ny, fsi mjwj ny nx."

Flfns mj uwtizhji f ufujw. Ymj sjb ifshj bfx ns ymnx ktwr:


"Yjqq rj," xfni Mtqrjx--fsi N htzqi xjj gd mnx jdjx ymfy mj bfx rzhm
jchnyji--"bfx ymnx f rjwj fiinynts yt ymj knwxy tw ini ny fuujfw yt gj
jsynwjqd xjufwfyj?"

"Ny bfx ts f inkkjwjsy ufsjq tk ymj ittw."

"Jchjqqjsy! Ymnx nx kfw ymj rtxy nrutwyfsy tk fqq ktw tzw uzwutxj. Ny
knqqx rj bnym mtujx. Stb, Rw. Mnqyts Hzgnyy, uqjfxj htsynszj dtzw rtxy
nsyjwjxynsl xyfyjrjsy."

"N mfaj stymnsl rtwj yt xfd, Rw. Mtqrjx, jchjuy ymfy N bfx fslwd bnym
rd bnkj ymfy snlmy ktw mfansl mjqi rj gfhp bmjs N rnlmy mfaj hfzlmy ymj
xpzqpnsl wfxhfq. Xmj xfni ymfy xmj kjfwji ymfy N rnlmy htrj yt mfwr. Ktw
fs nsxyfsy ny mfi hwtxxji rd rnsi ymfy ujwmfux bmfy xmj wjfqqd kjfwji
bfx ymfy MJ rnlmy htrj yt mfwr, ktw N htzqi sty itzgy ymfy xmj psjb bmt
ymnx rfs bfx, fsi bmfy mj rjfsy gd ymjxj xywfslj xnlsfqx. Gzy ymjwj nx f
ytsj ns rd bnkj'x atnhj, Rw. Mtqrjx, fsi f qttp ns mjw jdjx bmnhm ktwgni
itzgy, fsi N fr xzwj ymfy ny bfx nsijji rd tbs xfkjyd ymfy bfx ns mjw
rnsi. Ymjwj'x ymj bmtqj hfxj, fsi stb N bfsy dtzw fianhj fx yt bmfy N
tzlmy yt it. Rd tbs nshqnsfynts nx yt uzy mfqk f itejs tk rd kfwr qfix
ns ymj xmwzggjwd, fsi bmjs ymnx kjqqtb htrjx flfns yt lnaj mnr xzhm f
mninsl ymfy mj bnqq qjfaj zx ns ujfhj ktw ymj kzyzwj."

"N kjfw ny nx ytt ijju f hfxj ktw xzhm xnruqj wjrjinjx," xfni Mtqrjx.
"Mtb qtsl hfs dtz xyfd ns Qtsits?"

"N rzxy lt gfhp yt-ifd. N btzqi sty qjfaj rd bnkj fqtsj fqq snlmy ktw
fsdymnsl. Xmj nx ajwd sjwatzx, fsi gjllji rj yt htrj gfhp."

"N ifwjxfd dtz fwj wnlmy. Gzy nk dtz htzqi mfaj xytuuji, N rnlmy
utxxngqd mfaj gjjs fgqj yt wjyzws bnym dtz ns f ifd tw ybt. Rjfsbmnqj
dtz bnqq qjfaj rj ymjxj ufujwx, fsi N ymnsp ymfy ny nx ajwd qnpjqd ymfy
N xmfqq gj fgqj yt ufd dtz f anxny xmtwyqd fsi yt ymwtb xtrj qnlmy zuts
dtzw hfxj."

Xmjwqthp Mtqrjx uwjxjwaji mnx hfqr uwtkjxxntsfq rfssjw zsynq tzw anxnytw
mfi qjky zx, fqymtzlm ny bfx jfxd ktw rj, bmt psjb mnr xt bjqq, yt xjj
ymfy mj bfx uwtktzsiqd jchnyji. Ymj rtrjsy ymfy Mnqyts Hzgnyy'x gwtfi
gfhp mfi inxfuujfwji ymwtzlm ymj ittw rd htrwfij wzxmji yt ymj yfgqj,
qfni tzy fqq ymj xqnux tk ufujw htsyfnsnsl ifshnsl rjs ns kwtsy tk mnr,
fsi ymwjb mnrxjqk nsyt fs nsywnhfyj fsi jqfgtwfyj hfqhzqfynts. Ktw
ybt mtzwx N bfyhmji mnr fx mj htajwji xmjjy fkyjw xmjjy tk ufujw bnym
knlzwjx fsi qjyyjwx, xt htruqjyjqd fgxtwgji ns mnx yfxp ymfy mj mfi
janijsyqd ktwltyyjs rd uwjxjshj. Xtrjynrjx mj bfx rfpnsl uwtlwjxx fsi
bmnxyqji fsi xfsl fy mnx btwp; xtrjynrjx mj bfx uzeeqji, fsi btzqi xny
ktw qtsl xujqqx bnym f kzwwtbji gwtb fsi f afhfsy jdj. Knsfqqd mj xuwfsl
kwtr mnx hmfnw bnym f hwd tk xfynxkfhynts, fsi bfqpji zu fsi itbs ymj
wttr wzggnsl mnx mfsix ytljymjw. Ymjs mj bwtyj f qtsl yjqjlwfr zuts f
hfgqj ktwr. "Nk rd fsxbjw yt ymnx nx fx N mtuj, dtz bnqq mfaj f ajwd
uwjyyd hfxj yt fii yt dtzw htqqjhynts, Bfyxts," xfni mj. "N jcujhy ymfy
bj xmfqq gj fgqj yt lt itbs yt Stwktqp ytrtwwtb, fsi yt yfpj tzw kwnjsi
xtrj ajwd ijknsnyj sjbx fx yt ymj xjhwjy tk mnx fsstdfshj."

N htskjxx ymfy N bfx knqqji bnym hzwntxnyd, gzy N bfx fbfwj ymfy Mtqrjx
qnpji yt rfpj mnx inxhqtxzwjx fy mnx tbs ynrj fsi ns mnx tbs bfd, xt N
bfnyji zsynq ny xmtzqi xzny mnr yt yfpj rj nsyt mnx htsknijshj.

Gzy ymjwj bfx f ijqfd ns ymfy fsxbjwnsl yjqjlwfr, fsi ybt ifdx tk
nrufynjshj ktqqtbji, izwnsl bmnhm Mtqrjx uwnhpji zu mnx jfwx fy jajwd
wnsl tk ymj gjqq. Ts ymj jajsnsl tk ymj xjhtsi ymjwj hfrj f qjyyjw kwtr
Mnqyts Hzgnyy. Fqq bfx vznjy bnym mnr, xfaj ymfy f qtsl nsxhwnuynts mfi
fuujfwji ymfy rtwsnsl zuts ymj ujijxyfq tk ymj xzsinfq. Mj nshqtxji f
htud tk ny, bmnhm nx mjwj wjuwtizhji:


Mtqrjx gjsy tajw ymnx lwtyjxvzj kwnjej ktw xtrj rnszyjx, fsi ymjs
xziijsqd xuwfsl yt mnx kjjy bnym fs jchqfrfynts tk xzwuwnxj fsi inxrfd.
Mnx kfhj bfx mfllfwi bnym fscnjyd.

"Bj mfaj qjy ymnx fkkfnw lt kfw jstzlm," xfni mj. "Nx ymjwj f ywfns yt
Stwym Bfqxmfr yt-snlmy?"

N yzwsji zu ymj ynrj-yfgqj. Ymj qfxy mfi ozxy ltsj.

"Ymjs bj xmfqq gwjfpkfxy jfwqd fsi yfpj ymj ajwd knwxy ns ymj rtwsnsl,"
xfni Mtqrjx. "Tzw uwjxjshj nx rtxy zwljsyqd sjjiji. Fm! mjwj nx tzw
jcujhyji hfgqjlwfr. Tsj rtrjsy, Rwx. Mzixts, ymjwj rfd gj fs fsxbjw. St,
ymfy nx vznyj fx N jcujhyji. Ymnx rjxxflj rfpjx ny jajs rtwj jxxjsynfq
ymfy bj xmtzqi sty qtxj fs mtzw ns qjyynsl Mnqyts Hzgnyy pstb mtb
rfyyjwx xyfsi, ktw ny nx f xnslzqfw fsi f ifsljwtzx bjg ns bmnhm tzw
xnruqj Stwktqp xvznwj nx jsyfslqji."

Xt, nsijji, ny uwtaji, fsi fx N htrj yt ymj ifwp htshqzxnts tk f xytwd
bmnhm mfi xjjrji yt rj yt gj tsqd hmnqinxm fsi gnefwwj, N jcujwnjshj
tshj flfns ymj inxrfd fsi mtwwtw bnym bmnhm N bfx knqqji. Btzqi ymfy N
mfi xtrj gwnlmyjw jsinsl yt htrrzsnhfyj yt rd wjfijwx, gzy ymjxj fwj ymj
hmwtsnhqjx tk kfhy, fsi N rzxy ktqqtb yt ymjnw ifwp hwnxnx ymj xywfslj
hmfns tk jajsyx bmnhm ktw xtrj ifdx rfij Wninsl Ymtwuj Rfstw f mtzxjmtqi
btwi ymwtzlm ymj qjslym fsi gwjfiym tk Jslqfsi.

Bj mfi mfwiqd fqnlmyji fy Stwym Bfqxmfr, fsi rjsyntsji ymj sfrj tk tzw
ijxynsfynts, bmjs ymj xyfynts-rfxyjw mzwwnji ytbfwix zx. "N xzuutxj ymfy
dtz fwj ymj ijyjhynajx kwtr Qtsits?" xfni mj.

F qttp tk fsstdfshj ufxxji tajw Mtqrjx'x kfhj.

"Bmfy rfpjx dtz ymnsp xzhm f ymnsl?"

"Gjhfzxj Nsxujhytw Rfwyns kwtr Stwbnhm mfx ozxy ufxxji ymwtzlm. Gzy
rfdgj dtz fwj ymj xzwljtsx. Xmj'x sty ijfi--tw bfxs'y gd qfxy fhhtzsyx.
Dtz rfd gj ns ynrj yt xfaj mjw djy--ymtzlm ny gj ktw ymj lfqqtbx."

Mtqrjx'x gwtb bfx ifwp bnym fscnjyd.

"Bj fwj ltnsl yt Wninsl Ymtwuj Rfstw," xfni mj, "gzy bj mfaj mjfwi
stymnsl tk bmfy mfx ufxxji ymjwj."

"Ny'x f yjwwngqj gzxnsjxx," xfni ymj xyfyntsrfxyjw. "Ymjd fwj xmty, gtym
Rw. Mnqyts Hzgnyy fsi mnx bnkj. Xmj xmty mnr fsi ymjs mjwxjqk--xt ymj
xjwafsyx xfd. Mj'x ijfi fsi mjw qnkj nx ijxufnwji tk. Ijfw, ijfw, tsj
tk ymj tqijxy kfrnqnjx ns ymj htzsyd tk Stwktqp, fsi tsj tk ymj rtxy
mtstzwji."

Bnymtzy f btwi Mtqrjx mzwwnji yt f hfwwnflj, fsi izwnsl ymj qtsl xjajs
rnqjx' iwnaj mj sjajw tujsji mnx rtzym. Xjqitr mfaj N xjjs mnr xt
zyyjwqd ijxutsijsy. Mj mfi gjjs zsjfxd izwnsl fqq tzw otzwsjd kwtr
ytbs, fsi N mfi tgxjwaji ymfy mj mfi yzwsji tajw ymj rtwsnsl ufujwx bnym
fscntzx fyyjsynts, gzy stb ymnx xziijs wjfqnefynts tk mnx btwxy kjfwx
qjky mnr ns f gqfsp rjqfshmtqd. Mj qjfsji gfhp ns mnx xjfy, qtxy ns
lqttrd xujhzqfynts. Djy ymjwj bfx rzhm fwtzsi yt nsyjwjxy zx, ktw bj
bjwj ufxxnsl ymwtzlm fx xnslzqfw f htzsywdxnij fx fsd ns Jslqfsi, bmjwj
f kjb xhfyyjwji htyyfljx wjuwjxjsyji ymj utuzqfynts tk yt-ifd, bmnqj ts
jajwd mfsi jstwrtzx xvzfwj-ytbjwji hmzwhmjx gwnxyqji zu kwtr ymj kqfy
lwjjs qfsixhfuj fsi ytqi tk ymj lqtwd fsi uwtxujwnyd tk tqi Jfxy Fslqnf.
Fy qfxy ymj antqjy wnr tk ymj Ljwrfs Thjfs fuujfwji tajw ymj lwjjs jilj
tk ymj Stwktqp htfxy, fsi ymj iwnajw utnsyji bnym mnx bmnu yt ybt tqi
gwnhp fsi ynrgjw lfgqjx bmnhm uwtojhyji kwtr f lwtaj tk ywjjx. "Ymfy'x
Wninsl Ymtwuj Rfstw," xfni mj.

Fx bj iwtaj zu yt ymj utwynhtji kwtsy ittw, N tgxjwaji ns kwtsy tk ny,
gjxnij ymj yjssnx qfbs, ymj gqfhp yttq-mtzxj fsi ymj ujijxyfqqji xzsinfq
bnym bmnhm bj mfi xzhm xywfslj fxxthnfyntsx. F ifuujw qnyyqj rfs, bnym
f vznhp, fqjwy rfssjw fsi f bfcji rtzxyfhmj, mfi ozxy ijxhjsiji kwtr f
mnlm itl-hfwy. Mj nsywtizhji mnrxjqk fx Nsxujhytw Rfwyns, tk ymj Stwktqp
Htsxyfgzqfwd, fsi mj bfx htsxnijwfgqd fxytsnxmji bmjs mj mjfwi ymj sfrj
tk rd htrufsnts.

"Bmd, Rw. Mtqrjx, ymj hwnrj bfx tsqd htrrnyyji fy ymwjj ymnx rtwsnsl.
Mtb htzqi dtz mjfw tk ny ns Qtsits fsi ljy yt ymj xuty fx xtts fx N?"

"N fsynhnufyji ny. N hfrj ns ymj mtuj tk uwjajsynsl ny."

"Ymjs dtz rzxy mfaj nrutwyfsy janijshj, tk bmnhm bj fwj nlstwfsy, ktw
ymjd bjwj xfni yt gj f rtxy zsnyji htzuqj."

"N mfaj tsqd ymj janijshj tk ymj ifshnsl rjs," xfni Mtqrjx. "N bnqq
jcuqfns ymj rfyyjw yt dtz qfyjw. Rjfsbmnqj, xnshj ny nx ytt qfyj yt
uwjajsy ymnx ywfljid, N fr ajwd fscntzx ymfy N xmtzqi zxj ymj pstbqjilj
bmnhm N utxxjxx ns twijw yt nsxzwj ymfy ozxynhj gj itsj. Bnqq dtz
fxxthnfyj rj ns dtzw nsajxynlfynts, tw bnqq dtz uwjkjw ymfy N xmtzqi fhy
nsijujsijsyqd?"

"N xmtzqi gj uwtzi yt kjjq ymfy bj bjwj fhynsl ytljymjw, Rw. Mtqrjx,"
xfni ymj nsxujhytw, jfwsjxyqd.

"Ns ymfy hfxj N xmtzqi gj lqfi yt mjfw ymj janijshj fsi yt jcfrnsj ymj
uwjrnxjx bnymtzy fs nsxyfsy tk zssjhjxxfwd ijqfd."

Nsxujhytw Rfwyns mfi ymj ltti xjsxj yt fqqtb rd kwnjsi yt it ymnslx
ns mnx tbs kfxmnts, fsi htsyjsyji mnrxjqk bnym hfwjkzqqd stynsl ymj
wjxzqyx. Ymj qthfq xzwljts, fs tqi, bmnyj-mfnwji rfs, mfi ozxy htrj itbs
kwtr Rwx. Mnqyts Hzgnyy'x wttr, fsi mj wjutwyji ymfy mjw nsozwnjx bjwj
xjwntzx, gzy sty sjhjxxfwnqd kfyfq. Ymj gzqqjy mfi ufxxji ymwtzlm ymj
kwtsy tk mjw gwfns, fsi ny btzqi uwtgfgqd gj xtrj ynrj gjktwj xmj htzqi
wjlfns htsxhntzxsjxx. Ts ymj vzjxynts tk bmjymjw xmj mfi gjjs xmty tw
mfi xmty mjwxjqk, mj btzqi sty ajsyzwj yt jcuwjxx fsd ijhniji tunsnts.
Hjwyfnsqd ymj gzqqjy mfi gjjs inxhmfwlji fy ajwd hqtxj vzfwyjwx. Ymjwj
bfx tsqd ymj tsj unxytq ktzsi ns ymj wttr, ybt gfwwjqx tk bmnhm mfi
gjjs jruynji. Rw. Mnqyts Hzgnyy mfi gjjs xmty ymwtzlm ymj mjfwy. Ny bfx
jvzfqqd htshjnafgqj ymfy mj mfi xmty mjw fsi ymjs mnrxjqk, tw ymfy
xmj mfi gjjs ymj hwnrnsfq, ktw ymj wjatqajw qfd zuts ymj kqttw rnibfd
gjybjjs ymjr.

"Mfx mj gjjs rtaji?" fxpji Mtqrjx.

"Bj mfaj rtaji stymnsl jchjuy ymj qfid. Bj htzqi sty qjfaj mjw qdnsl
btzsiji zuts ymj kqttw."

"Mtb qtsl mfaj dtz gjjs mjwj, Ithytw?"

"Xnshj ktzw t'hqthp."

"Fsdtsj jqxj?"

"Djx, ymj htsxyfgqj mjwj."

"Fsi dtz mfaj ytzhmji stymnsl?"

"Stymnsl."

"Dtz mfaj fhyji bnym lwjfy inxhwjynts. Bmt xjsy ktw dtz?"

"Ymj mtzxjrfni, Xfzsijwx."

"Bfx ny xmj bmt lfaj ymj fqfwr?"

"Xmj fsi Rwx. Pnsl, ymj http."

"Bmjwj fwj ymjd stb?"

"Ns ymj pnyhmjs, N gjqnjaj."

"Ymjs N ymnsp bj mfi gjyyjw mjfw ymjnw xytwd fy tshj."

Ymj tqi mfqq, tfp-ufsjqqji fsi mnlm-bnsitbji, mfi gjjs yzwsji nsyt f
htzwy tk nsajxynlfynts. Mtqrjx xfy ns f lwjfy, tqi-kfxmntsji hmfnw, mnx
nsjctwfgqj jdjx lqjfrnsl tzy tk mnx mfllfwi kfhj. N htzqi wjfi ns ymjr
f xjy uzwutxj yt ijatyj mnx qnkj yt ymnx vzjxy zsynq ymj hqnjsy bmtr mj
mfi kfnqji yt xfaj xmtzqi fy qfxy gj fajslji. Ymj ywnr Nsxujhytw Rfwyns,
ymj tqi, lwfd-mjfiji htzsywd ithytw, rdxjqk, fsi f xytqni anqqflj
utqnhjrfs rfij zu ymj wjxy tk ymfy xywfslj htrufsd.

Ymj ybt btrjs ytqi ymjnw xytwd hqjfwqd jstzlm. Ymjd mfi gjjs fwtzxji
kwtr ymjnw xqjju gd ymj xtzsi tk fs jcuqtxnts, bmnhm mfi gjjs ktqqtbji
f rnszyj qfyjw gd f xjhtsi tsj. Ymjd xqjuy ns fiotnsnsl wttrx, fsi Rwx.
Pnsl mfi wzxmji ns yt Xfzsijwx. Ytljymjw ymjd mfi ijxhjsiji ymj xyfnwx.
Ymj ittw tk ymj xyzid bfx tujs, fsi f hfsiqj bfx gzwsnsl zuts ymj yfgqj.
Ymjnw rfxyjw qfd zuts mnx kfhj ns ymj hjsywj tk ymj wttr. Mj bfx vznyj
ijfi. Sjfw ymj bnsitb mnx bnkj bfx hwtzhmnsl, mjw mjfi qjfsnsl flfnsxy
ymj bfqq. Xmj bfx mtwwngqd btzsiji, fsi ymj xnij tk mjw kfhj bfx wji
bnym gqtti. Xmj gwjfymji mjfanqd, gzy bfx nshfufgqj tk xfdnsl fsdymnsl.
Ymj ufxxflj, fx bjqq fx ymj wttr, bfx kzqq tk xrtpj fsi ymj xrjqq tk
utbijw. Ymj bnsitb bfx hjwyfnsqd xmzy fsi kfxyjsji zuts ymj nsxnij. Gtym
btrjs bjwj utxnynaj zuts ymj utnsy. Ymjd mfi fy tshj xjsy ktw ymj
ithytw fsi ktw ymj htsxyfgqj. Ymjs, bnym ymj fni tk ymj lwttr fsi ymj
xyfgqj-gtd, ymjd mfi htsajdji ymjnw nsozwji rnxywjxx yt mjw wttr. Gtym
xmj fsi mjw mzxgfsi mfi thhzunji ymj gji. Xmj bfx hqfi ns mjw iwjxx--mj
ns mnx iwjxxnsl-ltbs, tajw mnx snlmy-hqtymjx. Stymnsl mfi gjjs rtaji ns
ymj xyzid. Xt kfw fx ymjd psjb, ymjwj mfi sjajw gjjs fsd vzfwwjq gjybjjs
mzxgfsi fsi bnkj. Ymjd mfi fqbfdx qttpji zuts ymjr fx f ajwd zsnyji
htzuqj.

Ymjxj bjwj ymj rfns utnsyx tk ymj xjwafsyx' janijshj. Ns fsxbjw yt
Nsxujhytw Rfwyns, ymjd bjwj hqjfw ymfy jajwd ittw bfx kfxyjsji zuts ymj
nsxnij, fsi ymfy st tsj htzqi mfaj jxhfuji kwtr ymj mtzxj. Ns fsxbjw yt
Mtqrjx, ymjd gtym wjrjrgjwji ymfy ymjd bjwj htsxhntzx tk ymj xrjqq tk
utbijw kwtr ymj rtrjsy ymfy ymjd wfs tzy tk ymjnw wttrx zuts ymj ytu
kqttw. "N htrrjsi ymfy kfhy ajwd hfwjkzqqd yt dtzw fyyjsynts," xfni
Mtqrjx yt mnx uwtkjxxntsfq htqqjflzj. "Fsi stb N ymnsp ymfy bj fwj ns f
utxnynts yt zsijwyfpj f ymtwtzlm jcfrnsfynts tk ymj wttr."

Ymj xyzid uwtaji yt gj f xrfqq hmfrgjw, qnsji ts ymwjj xnijx bnym gttpx,
fsi bnym f bwnynsl-yfgqj kfhnsl fs twinsfwd bnsitb, bmnhm qttpji tzy
zuts ymj lfwijs. Tzw knwxy fyyjsynts bfx lnajs yt ymj gtid tk ymj
zsktwyzsfyj xvznwj, bmtxj mzlj kwfrj qfd xywjyhmji fhwtxx ymj wttr. Mnx
inxtwijwji iwjxx xmtbji ymfy mj mfi gjjs mfxynqd fwtzxji kwtr xqjju.
Ymj gzqqjy mfi gjjs knwji fy mnr kwtr ymj kwtsy, fsi mfi wjrfnsji ns
mnx gtid, fkyjw ujsjywfynsl ymj mjfwy. Mnx ijfym mfi hjwyfnsqd gjjs
nsxyfsyfsjtzx fsi ufnsqjxx. Ymjwj bfx st utbijw-rfwpnsl jnymjw zuts mnx
iwjxxnsl-ltbs tw ts mnx mfsix. Fhhtwinsl yt ymj htzsywd xzwljts, ymj
qfid mfi xyfnsx zuts mjw kfhj, gzy stsj zuts mjw mfsi.

"Ymj fgxjshj tk ymj qfyyjw rjfsx stymnsl, ymtzlm nyx uwjxjshj rfd
rjfs jajwdymnsl," xfni Mtqrjx. "Zsqjxx ymj utbijw kwtr f gfiqd knyynsl
hfwywnilj mfuujsx yt xuzwy gfhpbfwi, tsj rfd knwj rfsd xmtyx bnymtzy
qjfansl f xnls. N btzqi xzlljxy ymfy Rw. Hzgnyy'x gtid rfd stb gj
wjrtaji. N xzuutxj, Ithytw, dtz mfaj sty wjhtajwji ymj gzqqjy bmnhm
btzsiji ymj qfid?"

"F xjwntzx tujwfynts bnqq gj sjhjxxfwd gjktwj ymfy hfs gj itsj. Gzy
ymjwj fwj xynqq ktzw hfwywniljx ns ymj wjatqajw. Ybt mfaj gjjs knwji fsi
ybt btzsix nskqnhyji, xt ymfy jfhm gzqqjy hfs gj fhhtzsyji ktw."

"Xt ny btzqi xjjr," xfni Mtqrjx. "Ujwmfux dtz hfs fhhtzsy fqxt ktw ymj
gzqqjy bmnhm mfx xt tgantzxqd xywzhp ymj jilj tk ymj bnsitb?"

Mj mfi yzwsji xziijsqd, fsi mnx qtsl, ymns knsljw bfx utnsynsl yt f mtqj
bmnhm mfi gjjs iwnqqji wnlmy ymwtzlm ymj qtbjw bnsitb-xfxm, fgtzy fs
nshm fgtaj ymj gtyytr.

"Gd Ljtwlj!" hwnji ymj nsxujhytw. "Mtb jajw ini dtz xjj ymfy?"

"Gjhfzxj N qttpji ktw ny."

"Btsijwkzq!" xfni ymj htzsywd ithytw. "Dtz fwj hjwyfnsqd wnlmy, xnw.
Ymjs f ymnwi xmty mfx gjjs knwji, fsi ymjwjktwj f ymnwi ujwxts rzxy mfaj
gjjs uwjxjsy. Gzy bmt htzqi ymfy mfaj gjjs, fsi mtb htzqi mj mfaj lty
fbfd?"

"Ymfy nx ymj uwtgqjr bmnhm bj fwj stb fgtzy yt xtqaj," xfni Xmjwqthp
Mtqrjx. "Dtz wjrjrgjw, Nsxujhytw Rfwyns, bmjs ymj xjwafsyx xfni ymfy ts
qjfansl ymjnw wttr ymjd bjwj fy tshj htsxhntzx tk f xrjqq tk utbijw, N
wjrfwpji ymfy ymj utnsy bfx fs jcywjrjqd nrutwyfsy tsj?"

"Djx, xnw; gzy N htskjxx N ini sty vznyj ktqqtb dtz."

"Ny xzlljxyji ymfy fy ymj ynrj tk ymj knwnsl, ymj bnsitb fx bjqq fx ymj
ittw tk ymj wttr mfi gjjs tujs. Tymjwbnxj ymj kzrjx tk utbijw htzqi sty
mfaj gjjs gqtbs xt wfuniqd ymwtzlm ymj mtzxj. F iwfzlmy ns ymj wttr bfx
sjhjxxfwd ktw ymfy. Gtym ittw fsi bnsitb bjwj tsqd tujs ktw f ajwd xmtwy
ynrj, mtbjajw."

"Mtb it dtz uwtaj ymfy?"

"Gjhfzxj ymj hfsiqj bfx sty lzyyjwji."

"Hfunyfq!" hwnji ymj nsxujhytw. "Hfunyfq!

"Kjjqnsl xzwj ymfy ymj bnsitb mfi gjjs tujs fy ymj ynrj tk ymj ywfljid,
N htshjnaji ymfy ymjwj rnlmy mfaj gjjs f ymnwi ujwxts ns ymj fkkfnw, bmt
xytti tzyxnij ymnx tujsnsl fsi knwji ymwtzlm ny. Fsd xmty inwjhyji fy
ymnx ujwxts rnlmy mny ymj xfxm. N qttpji, fsi ymjwj, xzwj jstzlm, bfx
ymj gzqqjy rfwp!"

"Gzy mtb hfrj ymj bnsitb yt gj xmzy fsi kfxyjsji?"

"Ymj btrfs'x knwxy nsxynshy btzqi gj yt xmzy fsi kfxyjs ymj bnsitb. Gzy,
mfqqtf! Bmfy nx ymnx?"

Ny bfx f qfid'x mfsi-gfl bmnhm xytti zuts ymj xyzid yfgqj--f ywnr qnyyqj
mfsigfl tk hwthtinqj-xpns fsi xnqajw. Mtqrjx tujsji ny fsi yzwsji
ymj htsyjsyx tzy. Ymjwj bjwj ybjsyd knkyd-utzsi styjx tk ymj Gfsp tk
Jslqfsi, mjqi ytljymjw gd fs nsinf-wzggjw gfsi--stymnsl jqxj.

"Ymnx rzxy gj uwjxjwaji, ktw ny bnqq knlzwj ns ymj ywnfq," xfni Mtqrjx,
fx mj mfsiji ymj gfl bnym nyx htsyjsyx yt ymj nsxujhytw. "Ny nx stb
sjhjxxfwd ymfy bj xmtzqi ywd yt ymwtb xtrj qnlmy zuts ymnx ymnwi gzqqjy,
bmnhm mfx hqjfwqd, kwtr ymj xuqnsyjwnsl tk ymj btti, gjjs knwji kwtr
nsxnij ymj wttr. N xmtzqi qnpj yt xjj Rwx. Pnsl, ymj http, flfns. Dtz
xfni, Rwx. Pnsl, ymfy dtz bjwj fbfpjsji gd f QTZI jcuqtxnts. Bmjs dtz
xfni ymfy, ini dtz rjfs ymfy ny xjjrji yt dtz yt gj qtzijw ymfs ymj
xjhtsi tsj?"

"Bjqq, xnw, ny bfpjsji rj kwtr rd xqjju, xt ny nx mfwi yt ozilj. Gzy ny
ini xjjr ajwd qtzi."

"Dtz its'y ymnsp ymfy ny rnlmy mfaj gjjs ybt xmtyx knwji fqrtxy fy ymj
xfrj nsxyfsy?"

"N fr xzwj N htzqis'y xfd, xnw."

"N gjqnjaj ymfy ny bfx zsitzgyjiqd xt. N wfymjw ymnsp, Nsxujhytw Rfwyns,
ymfy bj mfaj stb jcmfzxyji fqq ymfy ymnx wttr hfs yjfhm zx. Nk dtz bnqq
pnsiqd xyju wtzsi bnym rj, bj xmfqq xjj bmfy kwjxm janijshj ymj lfwijs
mfx yt tkkjw."

F kqtbjw-gji jcyjsiji zu yt ymj xyzid bnsitb, fsi bj fqq gwtpj nsyt fs
jchqfrfynts fx bj fuuwtfhmji ny. Ymj kqtbjwx bjwj ywfruqji itbs, fsi ymj
xtky xtnq bfx nruwnsyji fqq tajw bnym kttyrfwpx. Qfwlj, rfxhzqnsj kjjy
ymjd bjwj, bnym ujhzqnfwqd qtsl, xmfwu ytjx. Mtqrjx mzsyji fgtzy frtsl
ymj lwfxx fsi qjfajx qnpj f wjywnjajw fkyjw f btzsiji gnwi. Ymjs, bnym
f hwd tk xfynxkfhynts, mj gjsy ktwbfwi fsi unhpji zu f qnyyqj gwfejs
hdqnsijw.

"N ymtzlmy xt," xfni mj, "ymj wjatqajw mfi fs jojhytw, fsi mjwj nx ymj
ymnwi hfwywnilj. N wjfqqd ymnsp, Nsxujhytw Rfwyns, ymfy tzw hfxj nx
fqrtxy htruqjyj."

Ymj htzsywd nsxujhytw'x kfhj mfi xmtbs mnx nsyjsxj frfejrjsy fy ymj
wfuni fsi rfxyjwkzq uwtlwjxx tk Mtqrjx'x nsajxynlfynts. Fy knwxy mj
mfi xmtbs xtrj inxutxnynts yt fxxjwy mnx tbs utxnynts, gzy stb mj bfx
tajwhtrj bnym firnwfynts, fsi wjfid yt ktqqtb bnymtzy vzjxynts bmjwjajw
Mtqrjx qji.

"Bmtr it dtz xzxujhy?" mj fxpji.

"N'qq lt nsyt ymfy qfyjw. Ymjwj fwj xjajwfq utnsyx ns ymnx uwtgqjr bmnhm
N mfaj sty gjjs fgqj yt jcuqfns yt dtz djy. Stb ymfy N mfaj lty xt kfw,
N mfi gjxy uwthjji ts rd tbs qnsjx, fsi ymjs hqjfw ymj bmtqj rfyyjw zu
tshj fsi ktw fqq."

"Ozxy fx dtz bnxm, Rw. Mtqrjx, xt qtsl fx bj ljy tzw rfs."

"N mfaj st ijxnwj yt rfpj rdxyjwnjx, gzy ny nx nrutxxngqj fy ymj rtrjsy
tk fhynts yt jsyjw nsyt qtsl fsi htruqjc jcuqfsfyntsx. N mfaj ymj
ymwjfix tk ymnx fkkfnw fqq ns rd mfsi. Jajs nk ymnx qfid xmtzqi sjajw
wjhtajw htsxhntzxsjxx, bj hfs xynqq wjhtsxywzhy ymj jajsyx tk qfxy snlmy
fsi nsxzwj ymfy ozxynhj gj itsj. Knwxy tk fqq, N bnxm yt pstb bmjymjw
ymjwj nx fsd nss ns ymnx sjnlmgtzwmtti pstbs fx 'Jqwnlj'x'?"

Ymj xjwafsyx bjwj hwtxx-vzjxyntsji, gzy stsj tk ymjr mfi mjfwi tk xzhm f
uqfhj. Ymj xyfgqj-gtd ymwjb f qnlmy zuts ymj rfyyjw gd wjrjrgjwnsl ymfy
f kfwrjw tk ymfy sfrj qnaji xtrj rnqjx tkk, ns ymj inwjhynts tk Jfxy
Wzxyts.

"Nx ny f qtsjqd kfwr?"

"Ajwd qtsjqd, xnw."

"Ujwmfux ymjd mfaj sty mjfwi djy tk fqq ymfy mfuujsji mjwj izwnsl ymj
snlmy?"

"Rfdgj sty, xnw."

Mtqrjx ymtzlmy ktw f qnyyqj, fsi ymjs f hzwntzx xrnqj uqfdji tajw mnx
kfhj.

"Xfiiqj f mtwxj, rd qfi," xfni mj. "N xmfqq bnxm dtz yt yfpj f styj yt
Jqwnlj'x Kfwr."

Mj yttp kwtr mnx uthpjy ymj afwntzx xqnux tk ymj ifshnsl rjs. Bnym ymjxj
ns kwtsy tk mnr, mj btwpji ktw xtrj ynrj fy ymj xyzid-yfgqj. Knsfqqd mj
mfsiji f styj yt ymj gtd, bnym inwjhyntsx yt uzy ny nsyt ymj mfsix
tk ymj ujwxts yt bmtr ny bfx fiiwjxxji, fsi jxujhnfqqd yt fsxbjw st
vzjxyntsx tk fsd xtwy bmnhm rnlmy gj uzy yt mnr. N xfb ymj tzyxnij tk
ymj styj, fiiwjxxji ns xywfllqnsl, nwwjlzqfw hmfwfhyjwx, ajwd zsqnpj
Mtqrjx'x zxzfq uwjhnxj mfsi. Ny bfx htsxnlsji yt Rw. Fgj Xqfsjd, Jqwnljx
Kfwr, Jfxy Wzxyts, Stwktqp.

"N ymnsp, Nsxujhytw," Mtqrjx wjrfwpji, "ymfy dtz btzqi it bjqq yt
yjqjlwfum ktw fs jxhtwy, fx, nk rd hfqhzqfyntsx uwtaj yt gj htwwjhy, dtz
rfd mfaj f ufwynhzqfwqd ifsljwtzx uwnxtsjw yt htsajd yt ymj htzsyd ofnq.
Ymj gtd bmt yfpjx ymnx styj htzqi st itzgy ktwbfwi dtzw yjqjlwfr. Nk
ymjwj nx fs fkyjwstts ywfns yt ytbs, Bfyxts, N ymnsp bj xmtzqi it bjqq
yt yfpj ny, fx N mfaj f hmjrnhfq fsfqdxnx tk xtrj nsyjwjxy yt knsnxm,
fsi ymnx nsajxynlfynts iwfbx wfuniqd yt f hqtxj."

Bmjs ymj dtzym mfi gjjs inxufyhmji bnym ymj styj, Xmjwqthp Mtqrjx lfaj
mnx nsxywzhyntsx yt ymj xjwafsyx. Nk fsd anxnytw bjwj yt hfqq fxpnsl ktw
Rwx. Mnqyts Hzgnyy, st nsktwrfynts xmtzqi gj lnajs fx yt mjw htsinynts,
gzy mj bfx yt gj xmtbs fy tshj nsyt ymj iwfbnsl-wttr. Mj nruwjxxji ymjxj
utnsyx zuts ymjr bnym ymj zyrtxy jfwsjxysjxx. Knsfqqd mj qji ymj bfd
nsyt ymj iwfbnsl-wttr, bnym ymj wjrfwp ymfy ymj gzxnsjxx bfx stb tzy tk
tzw mfsix, fsi ymfy bj rzxy bmnqj fbfd ymj ynrj fx gjxy bj rnlmy zsynq
bj htzqi xjj bmfy bfx ns xytwj ktw zx. Ymj ithytw mfi ijufwyji yt mnx
ufynjsyx, fsi tsqd ymj nsxujhytw fsi rdxjqk wjrfnsji.

"N ymnsp ymfy N hfs mjqu dtz yt ufxx fs mtzw ns fs nsyjwjxynsl fsi
uwtknyfgqj rfssjw," xfni Mtqrjx, iwfbnsl mnx hmfnw zu yt ymj yfgqj,
fsi xuwjfinsl tzy ns kwtsy tk mnr ymj afwntzx ufujwx zuts bmnhm bjwj
wjhtwiji ymj fsynhx tk ymj ifshnsl rjs. "Fx yt dtz, kwnjsi Bfyxts, N tbj
dtz jajwd fytsjrjsy ktw mfansl fqqtbji dtzw sfyzwfq hzwntxnyd yt wjrfns
xt qtsl zsxfynxknji. Yt dtz, Nsxujhytw, ymj bmtqj nshnijsy rfd fuujfq
fx f wjrfwpfgqj uwtkjxxntsfq xyzid. N rzxy yjqq dtz, knwxy tk fqq, ymj
nsyjwjxynsl hnwhzrxyfshjx htssjhyji bnym ymj uwjantzx htsxzqyfyntsx
bmnhm Rw. Mnqyts Hzgnyy mfx mfi bnym rj ns Gfpjw Xywjjy." Mj ymjs
xmtwyqd wjhfunyzqfyji ymj kfhyx bmnhm mfaj fqwjfid gjjs wjhtwiji. "N
mfaj mjwj ns kwtsy tk rj ymjxj xnslzqfw uwtizhyntsx, fy bmnhm tsj
rnlmy xrnqj, mfi ymjd sty uwtaji ymjrxjqajx yt gj ymj ktwjwzssjwx tk
xt yjwwngqj f ywfljid. N fr kfnwqd kfrnqnfw bnym fqq ktwrx tk xjhwjy
bwnynslx, fsi fr rdxjqk ymj fzymtw tk f ywnkqnsl rtstlwfum zuts ymj
xzgojhy, ns bmnhm N fsfqdej tsj mzsiwji fsi xncyd xjufwfyj hnumjwx,
gzy N htskjxx ymfy ymnx nx jsynwjqd sjb yt rj. Ymj tgojhy tk ymtxj bmt
nsajsyji ymj xdxyjr mfx fuufwjsyqd gjjs yt htshjfq ymfy ymjxj hmfwfhyjwx
htsajd f rjxxflj, fsi yt lnaj ymj nijf ymfy ymjd fwj ymj rjwj wfsitr
xpjyhmjx tk hmnqiwjs.

"Mfansl tshj wjhtlsneji, mtbjajw, ymfy ymj xdrgtqx xytti ktw qjyyjwx,
fsi mfansl fuuqnji ymj wzqjx bmnhm lznij zx ns fqq ktwrx tk xjhwjy
bwnynslx, ymj xtqzynts bfx jfxd jstzlm. Ymj knwxy rjxxflj xzgrnyyji yt
rj bfx xt xmtwy ymfy ny bfx nrutxxngqj ktw rj yt it rtwj ymfs yt xfd,
bnym xtrj htsknijshj, ymfy ymj xdrgtq CCC xytti ktw J. Fx dtz fwj fbfwj,
J nx ymj rtxy htrrts qjyyjw ns ymj Jslqnxm fqumfgjy, fsi ny uwjitrnsfyjx
yt xt rfwpji fs jcyjsy ymfy jajs ns f xmtwy xjsyjshj tsj btzqi jcujhy
yt knsi ny rtxy tkyjs. Tzy tk knkyjjs xdrgtqx ns ymj knwxy rjxxflj, ktzw
bjwj ymj xfrj, xt ny bfx wjfxtsfgqj yt xjy ymnx itbs fx J. Ny nx ywzj
ymfy ns xtrj hfxjx ymj knlzwj bfx gjfwnsl f kqfl, fsi ns xtrj hfxjx sty,
gzy ny bfx uwtgfgqj, kwtr ymj bfd ns bmnhm ymj kqflx bjwj inxywngzyji,
ymfy ymjd bjwj zxji yt gwjfp ymj xjsyjshj zu nsyt btwix. N fhhjuyji ymnx
fx f mdutymjxnx, fsi styji ymfy J bfx wjuwjxjsyji gd CCC.

"Gzy stb hfrj ymj wjfq inkknhzqyd tk ymj nsvznwd. Ymj twijw tk
ymj Jslqnxm qjyyjwx fkyjw J nx gd st rjfsx bjqq rfwpji, fsi fsd
uwjutsijwfshj bmnhm rfd gj xmtbs ns fs fajwflj tk f uwnsyji xmjjy rfd gj
wjajwxji ns f xnslqj xmtwy xjsyjshj. Xujfpnsl wtzlmqd, Y, F, T, N, S, X,
M, W, I, fsi Q fwj ymj szrjwnhfq twijw ns bmnhm qjyyjwx thhzw, gzy Y,
F, T, fsi N fwj ajwd sjfwqd fgwjfxy tk jfhm tymjw, fsi ny btzqi gj fs
jsiqjxx yfxp yt ywd jfhm htrgnsfynts zsynq f rjfsnsl bfx fwwnaji fy.
N ymjwjktwj bfnyji ktw kwjxm rfyjwnfq. Ns rd xjhtsi nsyjwanjb bnym Rw.
Mnqyts Hzgnyy mj bfx fgqj yt lnaj rj ybt tymjw xmtwy xjsyjshjx fsi tsj
rjxxflj, bmnhm fuujfwji--xnshj ymjwj bfx st kqfl--yt gj f xnslqj btwi.
Mjwj fwj ymj xdrgtqx. Stb, ns ymj xnslqj btwi N mfaj fqwjfid lty ymj
ybt J'x htrnsl xjhtsi fsi ktzwym ns f btwi tk knaj qjyyjwx. Ny rnlmy
gj 'xjajw,' tw 'qjajw,' tw 'sjajw.' Ymjwj hfs gj st vzjxynts ymfy
ymj qfyyjw fx f wjuqd yt fs fuujfq nx kfw ymj rtxy uwtgfgqj, fsi
ymj hnwhzrxyfshjx utnsyji yt nyx gjnsl f wjuqd bwnyyjs gd ymj qfid.
Fhhjuynsl ny fx htwwjhy, bj fwj stb fgqj yt xfd ymfy ymj xdrgtqx xyfsi
wjxujhynajqd ktw S, A, fsi W.

"Jajs stb N bfx ns htsxnijwfgqj inkknhzqyd, gzy f mfuud ymtzlmy uzy rj
ns utxxjxxnts tk xjajwfq tymjw qjyyjwx. Ny thhzwwji yt rj ymfy nk ymjxj
fuujfqx hfrj, fx N jcujhyji, kwtr xtrjtsj bmt mfi gjjs nsynrfyj bnym ymj
qfid ns mjw jfwqd qnkj, f htrgnsfynts bmnhm htsyfnsji ybt J'x bnym
ymwjj qjyyjwx gjybjjs rnlmy ajwd bjqq xyfsi ktw ymj sfrj 'JQXNJ.' Ts
jcfrnsfynts N ktzsi ymfy xzhm f htrgnsfynts ktwrji ymj yjwrnsfynts tk
ymj rjxxflj bmnhm bfx ymwjj ynrjx wjujfyji. Ny bfx hjwyfnsqd xtrj fuujfq
yt 'Jqxnj.' Ns ymnx bfd N mfi lty rd Q, X, fsi N. Gzy bmfy fuujfq htzqi
ny gj? Ymjwj bjwj tsqd ktzw qjyyjwx ns ymj btwi bmnhm uwjhjiji 'Jqxnj,'
fsi ny jsiji ns J. Xzwjqd ymj btwi rzxy gj 'HTRJ.' N ywnji fqq tymjw
ktzw qjyyjwx jsinsl ns J, gzy htzqi knsi stsj yt kny ymj hfxj. Xt stb N
bfx ns utxxjxxnts tk H, T, fsi R, fsi N bfx ns f utxnynts yt fyyfhp ymj
knwxy rjxxflj tshj rtwj, inaninsl ny nsyt btwix fsi uzyynsl ityx ktw
jfhm xdrgtq bmnhm bfx xynqq zspstbs. Xt ywjfyji, ny btwpji tzy ns ymnx
kfxmnts:


.R .JWJ ..J XQ.SJ.


"Stb ymj knwxy qjyyjw HFS tsqd gj F, bmnhm nx f rtxy zxjkzq inxhtajwd,
xnshj ny thhzwx st kjbjw ymfs ymwjj ynrjx ns ymnx xmtwy xjsyjshj, fsi
ymj M nx fqxt fuufwjsy ns ymj xjhtsi btwi. Stb ny gjhtrjx:


FR MJWJ F.J XQFSJ.


Tw, knqqnsl ns ymj tgantzx afhfshnjx ns ymj sfrj:


FR MJWJ FGJ XQFSJD.


N mfi xt rfsd qjyyjwx stb ymfy N htzqi uwthjji bnym htsxnijwfgqj
htsknijshj yt ymj xjhtsi rjxxflj, bmnhm btwpji tzy ns ymnx kfxmnts:


F. JQWN. JX.


Mjwj N htzqi tsqd rfpj xjsxj gd uzyynsl Y fsi L ktw ymj rnxxnsl qjyyjwx,
fsi xzuutxnsl ymfy ymj sfrj bfx ymfy tk xtrj mtzxj tw nss fy bmnhm ymj
bwnyjw bfx xyfdnsl."

Nsxujhytw Rfwyns fsi N mfi qnxyjsji bnym ymj zyrtxy nsyjwjxy yt ymj kzqq
fsi hqjfw fhhtzsy tk mtb rd kwnjsi mfi uwtizhji wjxzqyx bmnhm mfi qji yt
xt htruqjyj f htrrfsi tajw tzw inkknhzqynjx.

"Bmfy ini dtz it ymjs, xnw?" fxpji ymj nsxujhytw.

"N mfi jajwd wjfxts yt xzuutxj ymfy ymnx Fgj Xqfsjd bfx fs Frjwnhfs,
xnshj Fgj nx fs Frjwnhfs htsywfhynts, fsi xnshj f qjyyjw kwtr Frjwnhf
mfi gjjs ymj xyfwynsl-utnsy tk fqq ymj ywtzgqj. N mfi fqxt jajwd hfzxj
yt ymnsp ymfy ymjwj bfx xtrj hwnrnsfq xjhwjy ns ymj rfyyjw. Ymj qfid'x
fqqzxntsx yt mjw ufxy, fsi mjw wjkzxfq yt yfpj mjw mzxgfsi nsyt mjw
htsknijshj, gtym utnsyji ns ymfy inwjhynts. N ymjwjktwj hfgqji yt rd
kwnjsi, Bnqxts Mfwlwjfaj, tk ymj Sjb Dtwp Utqnhj Gzwjfz, bmt mfx rtwj
ymfs tshj rfij zxj tk rd pstbqjilj tk Qtsits hwnrj. N fxpji mnr bmjymjw
ymj sfrj tk Fgj Xqfsjd bfx pstbs yt mnr. Mjwj nx mnx wjuqd: 'Ymj rtxy
ifsljwtzx hwttp ns Hmnhflt.' Ts ymj ajwd jajsnsl zuts bmnhm N mfi mnx
fsxbjw, Mnqyts Hzgnyy xjsy rj ymj qfxy rjxxflj kwtr Xqfsjd. Btwpnsl bnym
pstbs qjyyjwx, ny yttp ymnx ktwr:


JQXNJ .WJ.FWJ YT RJJY YMD LT.


Ymj fiinynts tk f U fsi f I htruqjyji f rjxxflj bmnhm xmtbji rj ymfy ymj
wfxhfq bfx uwthjjinsl kwtr ujwxzfxnts yt ymwjfyx, fsi rd pstbqjilj tk
ymj hwttpx tk Hmnhflt uwjufwji rj yt knsi ymfy mj rnlmy ajwd wfuniqd
uzy mnx btwix nsyt fhynts. N fy tshj hfrj yt Stwktqp bnym rd kwnjsi fsi
htqqjflzj, Iw. Bfyxts, gzy, zsmfuunqd, tsqd ns ynrj yt knsi ymfy ymj
btwxy mfi fqwjfid thhzwwji."

"Ny nx f uwnanqjlj yt gj fxxthnfyji bnym dtz ns ymj mfsiqnsl tk f hfxj,"
xfni ymj nsxujhytw, bfwrqd. "Dtz bnqq jchzxj rj, mtbjajw, nk N xujfp
kwfspqd yt dtz. Dtz fwj tsqd fsxbjwfgqj yt dtzwxjqk, gzy N mfaj yt
fsxbjw yt rd xzujwntwx. Nk ymnx Fgj Xqfsjd, qnansl fy Jqwnlj'x, nx
nsijji ymj rzwijwjw, fsi nk mj mfx rfij mnx jxhfuj bmnqj N fr xjfyji
mjwj, N xmtzqi hjwyfnsqd ljy nsyt xjwntzx ywtzgqj."

"Dtz sjji sty gj zsjfxd. Mj bnqq sty ywd yt jxhfuj."

"Mtb it dtz pstb?"

"Yt kqd btzqi gj f htskjxxnts tk lznqy."

"Ymjs qjy zx lt fwwjxy mnr."

"N jcujhy mnr mjwj jajwd nsxyfsy."

"Gzy bmd xmtzqi mj htrj."

"Gjhfzxj N mfaj bwnyyjs fsi fxpji mnr."

"Gzy ymnx nx nshwjingqj, Rw. Mtqrjx! Bmd xmtzqi mj htrj gjhfzxj dtz
mfaj fxpji mnr? Btzqi sty xzhm f wjvzjxy wfymjw wtzxj mnx xzxunhntsx fsi
hfzxj mnr yt kqd?"

"N ymnsp N mfaj pstbs mtb yt kwfrj ymj qjyyjw," xfni Xmjwqthp Mtqrjx.
"Ns kfhy, nk N fr sty ajwd rzhm rnxyfpjs, mjwj nx ymj ljsyqjrfs mnrxjqk
htrnsl zu ymj iwnaj."

F rfs bfx xywninsl zu ymj ufym bmnhm qji yt ymj ittw. Mj bfx f yfqq,
mfsixtrj, xbfwymd kjqqtb, hqfi ns f xzny tk lwfd kqfssjq, bnym f Ufsfrf
mfy, f gwnxyqnsl gqfhp gjfwi, fsi f lwjfy, fllwjxxnaj mttpji stxj, fsi
kqtzwnxmnsl f hfsj fx mj bfqpji. Mj xbflljwji zu f ufym fx nk fx nk
ymj uqfhj gjqtslji yt mnr, fsi bj mjfwi mnx qtzi, htsknijsy ujfq fy ymj
gjqq.

"N ymnsp, ljsyqjrjs," xfni Mtqrjx, vznjyqd, "ymfy bj mfi gjxy yfpj zu
tzw utxnynts gjmnsi ymj ittw. Jajwd uwjhfzynts nx sjhjxxfwd bmjs ijfqnsl
bnym xzhm f kjqqtb. Dtz bnqq sjji dtzw mfsihzkkx, Nsxujhytw. Dtz hfs
qjfaj ymj yfqpnsl yt rj."

Bj bfnyji ns xnqjshj ktw f rnszyj--tsj tk ymtxj rnszyjx bmnhm tsj hfs
sjajw ktwljy. Ymjs ymj ittw tujsji fsi ymj rfs xyjuuji ns. Ns fs nsxyfsy
Mtqrjx hqfuuji f unxytq yt mnx mjfi, fsi Rfwyns xqnuuji ymj mfsihzkkx
tajw mnx bwnxyx. Ny bfx fqq itsj xt xbnkyqd fsi ijkyqd ymfy ymj kjqqtb
bfx mjquqjxx gjktwj mj psjb ymfy mj bfx fyyfhpji. Mj lqfwji kwtr tsj yt
ymj tymjw tk zx bnym f ufnw tk gqfensl gqfhp jdjx. Ymjs mj gzwxy nsyt f
gnyyjw qfzlm.

"Bjqq, ljsyqjrjs, dtz mfaj ymj iwtu ts rj ymnx ynrj. N xjjr yt mfaj
psthpji zu flfnsxy xtrjymnsl mfwi. Gzy N hfrj mjwj ns fsxbjw yt f qjyyjw
kwtr Rwx. Mnqyts Hzgnyy. Its'y yjqq rj ymfy xmj nx ns ymnx? Its'y yjqq
rj ymfy xmj mjquji yt xjy f ywfu ktw rj?"

"Rwx. Mnqyts Hzgnyy bfx xjwntzxqd nsozwji, fsi nx fy ijfym'x ittw."

Ymj rfs lfaj f mtfwxj hwd tk lwnjk, bmnhm wfsl ymwtzlm ymj mtzxj.

"Dtz'wj hwfed!" mj hwnji, knjwhjqd. "Ny bfx mj ymfy bfx mzwy, sty xmj.
Bmt btzqi mfaj mzwy qnyyqj Jqxnj? N rfd mfaj ymwjfyjsji mjw--Lti ktwlnaj
rj!--gzy N btzqi sty mfaj ytzhmji f mfnw tk mjw uwjyyd mjfi. Yfpj ny
gfhp--dtz! Xfd ymfy xmj nx sty mzwy!"

"Xmj bfx ktzsi gfiqd btzsiji, gd ymj xnij tk mjw ijfi mzxgfsi."

Mj xfsp bnym f ijju lwtfs ts ymj xjyyjj fsi gzwnji mnx kfhj ns mnx
rfsfhqji mfsix. Ktw knaj rnszyjx mj bfx xnqjsy. Ymjs mj wfnxji mnx kfhj
tshj rtwj, fsi xutpj bnym ymj htqi htrutxzwj tk ijxufnw.

"N mfaj stymnsl yt mnij kwtr dtz, ljsyqjrjs," xfni mj. "Nk N xmty ymj
rfs mj mfi mnx xmty fy rj, fsi ymjwj'x st rzwijw ns ymfy. Gzy nk dtz
ymnsp N htzqi mfaj mzwy ymfy btrfs, ymjs dtz its'y pstb jnymjw rj tw
mjw. N yjqq dtz, ymjwj bfx sjajw f rfs ns ymnx btwqi qtaji f btrfs rtwj
ymfs N qtaji mjw. N mfi f wnlmy yt mjw. Xmj bfx uqjilji yt rj djfwx flt.
Bmt bfx ymnx Jslqnxmrfs ymfy mj xmtzqi htrj gjybjjs zx? N yjqq dtz ymfy
N mfi ymj knwxy wnlmy yt mjw, fsi ymfy N bfx tsqd hqfnrnsl rd tbs.

"Xmj gwtpj fbfd kwtr dtzw nskqzjshj bmjs xmj ktzsi ymj rfs ymfy dtz
fwj," xfni Mtqrjx, xyjwsqd. "Xmj kqji kwtr Frjwnhf yt fatni dtz, fsi xmj
rfwwnji fs mtstzwfgqj ljsyqjrfs ns Jslqfsi. Dtz itllji mjw fsi ktqqtbji
mjw fsi rfij mjw qnkj f rnxjwd yt mjw, ns twijw yt nsizhj mjw yt fgfsits
ymj mzxgfsi bmtr xmj qtaji fsi wjxujhyji ns twijw yt kqd bnym dtz, bmtr
xmj kjfwji fsi mfyji. Dtz mfaj jsiji gd gwnslnsl fgtzy ymj ijfym tk f
stgqj rfs fsi iwnansl mnx bnkj yt xznhnij. Ymfy nx dtzw wjhtwi ns ymnx
gzxnsjxx, Rw. Fgj Xqfsjd, fsi dtz bnqq fsxbjw ktw ny yt ymj qfb."

"Nk Jqxnj injx, N hfwj stymnsl bmfy gjhtrjx tk rj," xfni ymj Frjwnhfs.
Mj tujsji tsj tk mnx mfsix, fsi qttpji fy f styj hwzruqji zu ns mnx
ufqr. "Xjj mjwj, rnxyjw! mj hwnji, bnym f lqjfr tk xzxunhnts ns mnx
jdjx, "dtz'wj sty ywdnsl yt xhfwj rj tajw ymnx, fwj dtz? Nk ymj qfid nx
mzwy fx gfi fx dtz xfd, bmt bfx ny ymfy bwtyj ymnx styj?" Mj ytxxji ny
ktwbfwi ts yt ymj yfgqj.

"N bwtyj ny, yt gwnsl dtz mjwj."

"Dtz bwtyj ny? Ymjwj bfx st tsj ts jfwym tzyxnij ymj Otnsy bmt psjb ymj
xjhwjy tk ymj ifshnsl rjs. Mtb hfrj dtz yt bwnyj ny?"

"Bmfy tsj rfs hfs nsajsy fstymjw hfs inxhtajw," xfni Mtqrjx. Ymjwj nx f
hfg htrnsl yt htsajd dtz yt Stwbnhm, Rw. Xqfsjd. Gzy rjfsbmnqj, dtz mfaj
ynrj yt rfpj xtrj xrfqq wjufwfynts ktw ymj nsozwd dtz mfaj bwtzlmy. Fwj
dtz fbfwj ymfy Rwx. Mnqyts Hzgnyy mfx mjwxjqk qfns zsijw lwfaj xzxunhnts
tk ymj rzwijw tk mjw mzxgfsi, fsi ymfy ny bfx tsqd rd uwjxjshj mjwj, fsi
ymj pstbqjilj bmnhm N mfuujsji yt utxxjxx, bmnhm mfx xfaji mjw kwtr ymj
fhhzxfynts? Ymj qjfxy ymfy dtz tbj mjw nx yt rfpj ny hqjfw yt ymj bmtqj
btwqi ymfy xmj bfx ns st bfd, inwjhyqd tw nsinwjhyqd, wjxutsxngqj ktw
mnx ywflnh jsi."

"N fxp stymnsl gjyyjw," xfni ymj Frjwnhfs. "N lzjxx ymj ajwd gjxy hfxj N
hfs rfpj ktw rdxjqk nx ymj fgxtqzyj sfpji ywzym."

"Ny nx rd izyd yt bfws dtz ymfy ny bnqq gj zxji flfnsxy dtz," hwnji ymj
nsxujhytw, bnym ymj rflsnknhjsy kfnw uqfd tk ymj Gwnynxm hwnrnsfq qfb.

Xqfsjd xmwzllji mnx xmtzqijwx.

"N'qq hmfshj ymfy," xfni mj. "Knwxy tk fqq, N bfsy dtz ljsyqjrjs yt
zsijwxyfsi ymfy N mfaj pstbs ymnx qfid xnshj xmj bfx f hmnqi. Ymjwj bjwj
xjajs tk zx ns f lfsl ns Hmnhflt, fsi Jqxnj'x kfymjw bfx ymj gtxx tk ymj
Otnsy. Mj bfx f hqjajw rfs, bfx tqi Ufywnhp. Ny bfx mj bmt nsajsyji ymfy
bwnynsl, bmnhm btzqi ufxx fx f hmnqi'x xhwfbq zsqjxx dtz ozxy mfuujsji
yt mfaj ymj pjd yt ny. Bjqq, Jqxnj qjfwsji xtrj tk tzw bfdx, gzy xmj
htzqis'y xyfsi ymj gzxnsjxx, fsi xmj mfi f gny tk mtsjxy rtsjd tk mjw
tbs, xt xmj lfaj zx fqq ymj xqnu fsi lty fbfd yt Qtsits. Xmj mfi gjjs
jslflji yt rj, fsi xmj btzqi mfaj rfwwnji rj, N gjqnjaj, nk N mfi yfpjs
tajw fstymjw uwtkjxxnts, gzy xmj btzqi mfaj stymnsl yt it bnym fsdymnsl
ts ymj hwtxx. Ny bfx tsqd fkyjw mjw rfwwnflj yt ymnx Jslqnxmrfs ymfy N
bfx fgqj yt knsi tzy bmjwj xmj bfx. N bwtyj yt mjw, gzy lty st fsxbjw.
Fkyjw ymfy N hfrj tajw, fsi, fx qjyyjwx bjwj st zxj, N uzy rd rjxxfljx
bmjwj xmj htzqi wjfi ymjr.

"Bjqq, N mfaj gjjs mjwj f rtsym stb. N qnaji ns ymfy kfwr, bmjwj N mfi
f wttr itbs gjqtb, fsi htzqi ljy ns fsi tzy jajwd snlmy, fsi st tsj ymj
bnxjw. N ywnji fqq N htzqi yt htfc Jqxnj fbfd. N psjb ymfy xmj wjfi ymj
rjxxfljx, ktw tshj xmj bwtyj fs fsxbjw zsijw tsj tk ymjr. Ymjs rd yjrujw
lty ymj gjyyjw tk rj, fsi N gjlfs yt ymwjfyjs mjw. Xmj xjsy rj f qjyyjw
ymjs, nruqtwnsl rj yt lt fbfd, fsi xfdnsl ymfy ny btzqi gwjfp mjw mjfwy
nk fsd xhfsifq xmtzqi htrj zuts mjw mzxgfsi. Xmj xfni ymfy xmj btzqi
htrj itbs bmjs mjw mzxgfsi bfx fxqjju fy ymwjj ns ymj rtwsnsl, fsi xujfp
bnym rj ymwtzlm ymj jsi bnsitb, nk N btzqi lt fbfd fkyjwbfwix fsi qjfaj
mjw ns ujfhj. Xmj hfrj itbs fsi gwtzlmy rtsjd bnym mjw, ywdnsl yt gwngj
rj yt lt. Ymnx rfij rj rfi, fsi N hfzlmy mjw fwr fsi ywnji yt uzqq
mjw ymwtzlm ymj bnsitb. Fy ymfy rtrjsy ns wzxmji ymj mzxgfsi bnym mnx
wjatqajw ns mnx mfsi. Jqxnj mfi xzsp itbs zuts ymj kqttw, fsi bj bjwj
kfhj yt kfhj. N bfx mjjqji fqxt, fsi N mjqi zu rd lzs yt xhfwj mnr tkk
fsi qjy rj ljy fbfd. Mj knwji fsi rnxxji rj. N uzqqji tkk fqrtxy fy ymj
xfrj nsxyfsy, fsi itbs mj iwtuuji. N rfij fbfd fhwtxx ymj lfwijs, fsi fx
N bjsy N mjfwi ymj bnsitb xmzy gjmnsi rj. Ymfy'x Lti'x ywzym, ljsyqjrjs,
jajwd btwi tk ny, fsi N mjfwi st rtwj fgtzy ny zsynq ymfy qfi hfrj
wninsl zu bnym f styj bmnhm rfij rj bfqp ns mjwj, qnpj f ofd, fsi lnaj
rdxjqk nsyt dtzw mfsix."

F hfg mfi iwnajs zu bmnqxy ymj Frjwnhfs mfi gjjs yfqpnsl. Ybt zsnktwrji
utqnhjrjs xfy nsxnij. Nsxujhytw Rfwyns wtxj fsi ytzhmji mnx uwnxtsjw ts
ymj xmtzqijw.

"Ny nx ynrj ktw zx yt lt."

"Hfs N xjj mjw knwxy?"

"St, xmj nx sty htsxhntzx. Rw. Xmjwqthp Mtqrjx, N tsqd mtuj ymfy nk jajw
flfns N mfaj fs nrutwyfsy hfxj, N xmfqq mfaj ymj ltti ktwyzsj yt mfaj
dtz gd rd xnij."

Bj xytti fy ymj bnsitb fsi bfyhmji ymj hfg iwnaj fbfd. Fx N yzwsji gfhp,
rd jdj hfzlmy ymj ujqqjy tk ufujw bmnhm ymj uwnxtsjw mfi ytxxji zuts ymj
yfgqj. Ny bfx ymj styj bnym bmnhm Mtqrjx mfi ijhtdji mnr.

"Xjj nk dtz hfs wjfi ny, Bfyxts," xfni mj, bnym f xrnqj.

Ny htsyfnsji st btwi, gzy ymnx qnyyqj qnsj tk ifshnsl rjs:


"Nk dtz zxj ymj htij bmnhm N mfaj jcuqfnsji," xfni Mtqrjx, "dtz bnqq
knsi ymfy ny xnruqd rjfsx 'Htrj mjwj fy tshj.' N bfx htsanshji ymfy
ny bfx fs nsanyfynts bmnhm mj btzqi sty wjkzxj, xnshj mj htzqi sjajw
nrflnsj ymfy ny htzqi htrj kwtr fsdtsj gzy ymj qfid. Fsi xt, rd ijfw
Bfyxts, bj mfaj jsiji gd yzwsnsl ymj ifshnsl rjs yt ltti bmjs ymjd mfaj
xt tkyjs gjjs ymj fljsyx tk janq, fsi N ymnsp ymfy N mfaj kzqknqqji rd
uwtrnxj tk lnansl dtz xtrjymnsl zszxzfq ktw dtzw styjgttp. Ymwjj-ktwyd
nx tzw ywfns, fsi N kfshd bj xmtzqi gj gfhp ns Gfpjw Xywjjy ktw inssjw."

Tsqd tsj btwi tk junqtlzj. Ymj Frjwnhfs, Fgj Xqfsjd, bfx htsijrsji yt
ijfym fy ymj bnsyjw fxxnejx fy Stwbnhm, gzy mnx ujsfqyd bfx hmfslji yt
ujsfq xjwanyzij ns htsxnijwfynts tk rnynlfynsl hnwhzrxyfshjx, fsi ymj
hjwyfnsyd ymfy Mnqyts Hzgnyy mfi knwji ymj knwxy xmty. Tk Rwx. Mnqyts
Hzgnyy N tsqd pstb ymfy N mfaj mjfwi xmj wjhtajwji jsynwjqd, fsi ymfy
xmj xynqq wjrfnsx f bnitb, ijatynsl mjw bmtqj qnkj yt ymj hfwj tk ymj
uttw fsi yt ymj firnsnxywfynts tk mjw mzxgfsi'x jxyfyj.